- These days I have been occupied by awareness of being aware in relation to my current style of living. This awareness of being aware is a new OS. The old OS being the thought of the separate self. The new OS, as far as I know almost explains all my experiences. Note that I said it explains all my 'experiences', not my 'thoughts'. There is a huge difference between experience and thought which I will deal on in the near future. 
- The new OS explains, for example, the current political crisis of Ethiopia. There are two polarities in Ethiopian current politics. These are known are the unity politics as opposed to the separatist politics. The unity politics doesn't negotiate to a politics based on language and nationality. Where as the politics of the separatist doesn't negotiate to a crushing politics. 
- The current Ethiopian gov't claims to have playing the balancing role that it encompasses the two extremest politics. In fact the current Ethiopian govt is dual in nature as are the unity and the extremists. The point is that the three core politicians are separate from one another and they have been on war with Shane who claims to represent the Oromos since PM Abiy came to power. The govt is also on war since the govt agreed with tplf that means the war has been going for about two years. 
- Now the new OS represents the awareness of all Ethiopian people. These OS is infinite, indivisible, peace, ever present. The OS has been installed already. It is like a screen of a computer. Everything that appears on the computer is the activity of the screen, the screen being Consciousness. The hard ware of the computer and the software are one and the same. The move that is seen on the computer is the same as the screen. Everything the screen.
- Similarly all political activities of Ethiopia are the activities of the new OS.   